#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.10
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile --output-file=requirements.txt requirements.in
#
adal==1.2.7
    # via msrestazure
anyio==4.2.0
    # via azure-core
azure-common==1.1.28
    # via
    #   azure-mgmt-dns
    #   azure-mgmt-privatedns
    #   azure-mgmt-trafficmanager
azure-core==1.29.6
    # via
    #   azure-identity
    #   azure-mgmt-core
    #   msrest
azure-identity==1.7.1
    # via octodns-azure
azure-mgmt-core==1.4.0
    # via
    #   azure-mgmt-dns
    #   azure-mgmt-privatedns
    #   azure-mgmt-trafficmanager
azure-mgmt-dns==8.1.0
    # via octodns-azure
azure-mgmt-privatedns==1.0.0
    # via octodns-azure
azure-mgmt-trafficmanager==1.1.0
    # via octodns-azure
boto3==1.34.19
    # via octodns-route53
botocore==1.34.19
    # via
    #   boto3
    #   s3transfer
cachetools==5.3.2
    # via google-auth
certifi==2023.11.17
    # via
    #   msrest
    #   requests
cffi==1.16.0
    # via cryptography
charset-normalizer==3.3.2
    # via requests
coverage[toml]==7.4.0
    # via
    #   coverage
    #   pytest-cov
cryptography==41.0.7
    # via
    #   adal
    #   azure-identity
    #   msal
    #   pyjwt
    #   pyopenssl
    #   python-transip
dnspython==2.4.2
    # via
    #   octodns
    #   octodns-bind
dyn==1.8.1
    # via octodns-dyn
edgegrid-python==1.3.1
    # via octodns-edgedns
exceptiongroup==1.2.0
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   pytest
fqdn==1.5.1
    # via octodns
google-api-core==2.15.0
    # via google-cloud-core
google-auth==2.26.2
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-core
google-cloud-core==2.4.1
    # via
    #   google-cloud-dns
    #   octodns-googlecloud
google-cloud-dns==0.35.0
    # via octodns-googlecloud
googleapis-common-protos==1.62.0
    # via google-api-core
idna==3.6
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   octodns
    #   requests
iniconfig==2.0.0
    # via pytest
isodate==0.6.1
    # via
    #   azure-mgmt-dns
    #   azure-mgmt-trafficmanager
    #   msrest
jmespath==1.0.1
    # via
    #   boto3
    #   botocore
msal==1.26.0
    # via
    #   azure-identity
    #   msal-extensions
msal-extensions==0.3.1
    # via azure-identity
msrest==0.7.1
    # via
    #   azure-mgmt-privatedns
    #   msrestazure
msrestazure==0.6.4
    # via octodns-azure
natsort==8.4.0
    # via octodns
ndg-httpsclient==0.5.1
    # via edgegrid-python
ns1-python==0.18.0
    # via octodns-ns1
oauthlib==3.2.2
    # via requests-oauthlib
octodns==1.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   octodns-azure
    #   octodns-bind
    #   octodns-cloudflare
    #   octodns-constellix
    #   octodns-digitalocean
    #   octodns-dnsimple
    #   octodns-dnsmadeeasy
    #   octodns-dyn
    #   octodns-easydns
    #   octodns-edgecenter
    #   octodns-edgedns
    #   octodns-etchosts
    #   octodns-gandi
    #   octodns-gcore
    #   octodns-googlecloud
    #   octodns-hetzner
    #   octodns-mythicbeasts
    #   octodns-ns1
    #   octodns-ovh
    #   octodns-powerdns
    #   octodns-rackspace
    #   octodns-route53
    #   octodns-scaleway
    #   octodns-selectel
    #   octodns-spf
    #   octodns-transip
    #   octodns-ultra
octodns-azure==0.0.7
    # via -r requirements.in
octodns-bind==0.0.5
    # via -r requirements.in
octodns-cloudflare==0.0.3
    # via -r requirements.in
octodns-constellix==0.0.4
    # via -r requirements.in
octodns-digitalocean==0.0.2
    # via -r requirements.in
octodns-dnsimple==0.0.2
    # via -r requirements.in
octodns-dnsmadeeasy==0.0.5
    # via -r requirements.in
octodns-dyn==0.0.1
    # via -r requirements.in
octodns-easydns==0.0.1
    # via -r requirements.in
octodns-edgecenter==0.0.2
    # via -r requirements.in
octodns-edgedns==0.0.3
    # via -r requirements.in
octodns-etchosts==0.0.2
    # via -r requirements.in
octodns-gandi==0.0.2
    # via -r requirements.in
octodns-gcore==0.0.4
    # via -r requirements.in
octodns-googlecloud==0.0.3
    # via -r requirements.in
octodns-hetzner==0.0.2
    # via -r requirements.in
octodns-mythicbeasts==0.0.1
    # via -r requirements.in
octodns-ns1==0.0.7
    # via -r requirements.in
octodns-ovh==0.0.2
    # via -r requirements.in
octodns-powerdns==0.0.5
    # via -r requirements.in
octodns-rackspace==0.0.1
    # via -r requirements.in
octodns-route53==0.0.6
    # via -r requirements.in
octodns-scaleway==0.0.4
    # via -r requirements.in
octodns-selectel==0.0.4
    # via -r requirements.in
octodns-spf==0.0.2
    # via -r requirements.in
octodns-transip==0.0.1
    # via -r requirements.in
octodns-ultra==0.0.2
    # via -r requirements.in
ovh==1.1.0
    # via octodns-ovh
packaging==23.2
    # via pytest
pluggy==1.3.0
    # via pytest
portalocker==2.8.2
    # via msal-extensions
pprintpp==0.4.0
    # via pycountry-convert
protobuf==4.21.8
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   googleapis-common-protos
    #   octodns-googlecloud
pyasn1==0.5.1
    # via
    #   edgegrid-python
    #   ndg-httpsclient
    #   pyasn1-modules
    #   rsa
pyasn1-modules==0.3.0
    # via google-auth
pycountry==23.12.11
    # via pycountry-convert
pycountry-convert==0.7.2
    # via
    #   octodns-constellix
    #   octodns-route53
pycparser==2.21
    # via cffi
pyjwt[crypto]==2.8.0
    # via
    #   adal
    #   msal
pyopenssl==23.3.0
    # via
    #   edgegrid-python
    #   ndg-httpsclient
pytest==7.4.4
    # via
    #   pycountry-convert
    #   pytest-cov
    #   pytest-mock
pytest-cov==4.1.0
    # via pycountry-convert
pytest-mock==3.12.0
    # via pycountry-convert
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via
    #   adal
    #   botocore
    #   octodns
python-transip==0.6.0
    # via octodns-transip
pyyaml==6.0.1
    # via octodns
repoze-lru==0.7
    # via pycountry-convert
requests==2.31.0
    # via
    #   adal
    #   azure-core
    #   edgegrid-python
    #   google-api-core
    #   msal
    #   msrest
    #   octodns-cloudflare
    #   octodns-constellix
    #   octodns-digitalocean
    #   octodns-dnsimple
    #   octodns-dnsmadeeasy
    #   octodns-easydns
    #   octodns-edgecenter
    #   octodns-edgedns
    #   octodns-gandi
    #   octodns-gcore
    #   octodns-hetzner
    #   octodns-mythicbeasts
    #   octodns-ns1
    #   octodns-powerdns
    #   octodns-rackspace
    #   octodns-scaleway
    #   octodns-selectel
    #   octodns-ultra
    #   ovh
    #   python-transip
    #   requests-oauthlib
    #   requests-toolbelt
requests-oauthlib==1.3.1
    # via msrest
requests-toolbelt==1.0.0
    # via edgegrid-python
rsa==4.9
    # via google-auth
s3transfer==0.10.0
    # via boto3
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   azure-core
    #   azure-identity
    #   isodate
    #   msrestazure
    #   python-dateutil
sniffio==1.3.0
    # via anyio
tomli==2.0.1
    # via
    #   coverage
    #   pytest
typing-extensions==4.9.0
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   azure-core
urllib3==2.0.7
    # via
    #   botocore
    #   edgegrid-python
    #   requests
wheel==0.42.0
    # via pycountry-convert
